#99186 release notes: zaakeigenschappen (#580)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: using-valtimo/plugin/zaken-api/configure-zaken-api-plugin.md

  person.
- **Administration number person.** (Optional) The administration number of the person, as referred to in the BRP Act.

### Create zaakeigenschap

The **Create zaakeigenschap** action creates a zaakeigenschap in the zaken API.
When creating a process link the following properties can be entered:

- **Case definition.** The case definition that is linked to a zaken API plugin configuration.
- **Eigenschap.** The eigenschap as configured in the catalogi API.
- **Property URL.** Alternatively, a URL can be entered that references to an eigenschap in the catalogi API.
- **Eigenschap value.** The value that the zaakeigenschap should get when the process-link action is executed.

### Update zaakeigenschap

The **Update zaakeigenschap** action updates a zaakeigenschap in the zaken API.
When creating a process link the following properties can be entered:

- **Case definition.** The case definition that is linked to a zaken API plugin configuration.
- **Eigenschap.** The eigenschap as configured in the catalogi API.

> - **Property URL.** Alternatively, a URL can be entered that references to an eigenschap in the catalogi API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Property URL.** A URL can be entered that references to an eigenschap in the catalogi API. This is an alternative to providing an eigenschap.
```

- **Eigenschap value.** The value that the zaakeigenschap should get when the process-link action is executed.

### Delete zaakeigenschap

The **Delete zaakeigenschap** action deletes a zaakeigenschap in the zaken API. When creating a process link the
following properties can be entered:

- **Case definition.** The case definition that is linked to a zaken API plugin configuration.
- **Eigenschap.** The eigenschap as configured in the catalogi API.

> - **Property URL.** Alternatively, a URL can be entered that references to an eigenschap in the catalogi API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Property URL.** A URL can be entered that references to an eigenschap in the catalogi API. This is an alternative to providing an eigenschap.
```
